this episode of soldierknowsbest is
brought to you by audible hey sometimes
your nose best sit here with another
video on Tuesday normally I like to do a
review video talk about a big text story
but as you know I had some you know
wisdom teeth removed and my mouth has
been kind of sore for the past few days
I'm kind of behind the videos i'm
working on some review videos right now
that i have later on this week so don't
stop it just make a little filler video
for today we just have a bad one this is
actually gonna be a giveaway really a
double giveaway so a couple you guys and
gals out there we have a chance to win
when the brand new google nexus 7
tablets i'm going to be giving away two
of these bad boys for two lucky people
out there this will be an international
giveaway and i'll be using this tablet
here for about a week and a half ever
since i got back in the country and i've
been loving this thing i'm gonna be how
again have my review of this up in the
next few days i have it up this week at
some point so anyway there's google
nexus 7 tablets really awesome tablet
and I know people out there some people
just can't afford it some people apart
be waiting for Christmas whatever i'm
going to give you a chance to win it
today now how do you enter the get your
chance to win one of these tablets well
all you have to do is leave a comment
not here though but on my Facebook fan
page which is facebook com for /skp fans
I'm gonna put a post on there regarding
this giveaway you can leave a comment
one comment per day but you can leave a
comment there under that post and i'll
be picking the winner from that again
this is an international giveaway and i
will be announcing the winners when I do
my official review video of the google
nexus 7 now have this video up probably
on saturday of this week so at the
internet video i'll be announcing the
winners 22 winners of this google nexus
7 tablet giveaway so anyway guys good
luck in the getaway but before we head
out of here i notice not a very long
video but i sell the sponsor so it's go
to check out the sponsor for this video
and today's sponsor is audible which is
the leading provider for downloadable
audiobooks and spoken word entertainment
you can download these books on your
cell phone your tablet your computer
almost anything if you want to listen to
it why are you on the go they have over
a hundred thousand different titles from
different genres like science fiction
and thrillers and comedies and you can
download a book like one of my favorite
books that i download it was the
biography of Steve Jobs you can actually
get that from the store right now you
can get that for absolutely free if you
go to audible podcast.com for its last
soldier because you can try out one free
book right now yes go to audible
podcast.com force I a soldier and going
to get the downloading let me know what
you're going to be reading down below
our guys conveys watch this video good
luck and I will catch you later peace